Add description about options to documentation (#1087)
netdata/go.d.plugin: modules/windows/README.md

Automated charts and alerts for your entire Windows infrastructure will be automatically generated.
Each Windows host (data collection job) will be identifiable as an "instance" in the Netdata Cloud charts.

### Windows Exporter Options

> Some `windows_exporter` collectors are [disabled by default](https://github.com/prometheus-community/windows_exporter#collectors). To enable a specific collector, pass its name as an argument to the `--collectors.enabled` option.
> 
> E.g.:
> 
> > .\windows_exporter-0.20.0-amd64.exe --collectors.enabled "ad,iis,memory"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some `windows_exporter` collectors are [disabled by default](https://github.com/prometheus-community/windows_exporter#collectors). To enable a specific collector, pass its name as an argument to the `--collectors.enabled` option. See [examples](https://github.com/prometheus-community/windows_exporter#examples).
```

Automated charts and alerts for your entire Windows infrastructure will be automatically generated.
Each Windows host (data collection job) will be identifiable as an "instance" in the Netdata Cloud charts.

### Windows Exporter Options

> [Prometheus windows exporter](https://github.com/prometheus-community/windows_exporter) does not expose all metrics by default. To enable a specific metric, it is necessary to pass as argument for the option `--collectors.enabled` the module name. 
> 
> Suppose you want to monitor on your environment Active Directory, IIS, and Memory. To achieve this goal you need to start Windows exporter with the following options:
> 
> > .\windows_exporter-0.20.0-amd64.exe --collectors.enabled "ad,iis,memory"
> 
> After windows exporter is running you can start netdata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some `windows_exporter` collectors are [disabled by default](https://github.com/prometheus-community/windows_exporter#collectors). To enable a specific collector, pass its name as an argument to the `--collectors.enabled` option.

E.g.:

> .\windows_exporter-0.20.0-amd64.exe --collectors.enabled "ad,iis,memory"
```

  ```bash
  ./go.d.plugin -d -m windows
  ```

### Slow response

> When windows exporter is slow to answer queries from `go.d.plugin`, it is possible the collector will stop the module. To avoid this set a higher `timeout` value for the `job`.

Reviewer: Doesn't look helpful here. Also, I'd say it is not the correct recommendation because (due to ND specifics) it is better to increase both `update_every` and `timeout` (assuming timeout deadline exceeded is not a one-time problem (e.g. on start/first scrape)).

Author: I decided to remove the new section.
